we started precisely good actions
willian and henrique was in charge of marking 1%
even though your investment
how do you assist in heel go light
and enrich with all the space and
face the Saudi goalie's goal to score
the 1%
then it's going to brew the ball recovery to part of
the Brazilians oscar espinosa
it looks like it's going to finish but it does not appear from behind Gabriel Silva
dial 2
in favor of the selection
he was fortunate not to get two maximum penalties
in the first part in favor of the Saudis
the mexiquense for
teresa the assistance of oscar unemployed
victory would be given
3 to 0
after and cabin as favorite
Brazil spent all of them in the first half but after adjusting their lines and in
special in attack and won thrashed and secured a place
in the quarterfinals
the Brazilian national team was grateful for the support of the people of
barranquilla for its part of the isic to make a good world cup mainly by
defend the shirt of brazil
I hope to score more goals to help Brazil get to the final of the
competition
now the challenge is Spain
a rival that we respect but that must not end the illusion and the objectives
brazilians olanchito josé asensio spain is a very strong team
we are going to approve this week to try past but to show a good
game in search of the title
henrique author of the first goal was injured
the first prognosis is that it does not take it out of competition dani deaf fact was
evident the blockage inconveniences in brazil chile and other lawyers the
clinic to do the necessary exams
to determine the correct treatment brazil city
saves quilla pereira another Colombian land that aims to conquer
with your football